Hilbert6/Meta/Non-Publishable/How to.md, before:

# Set up

**TL;DR**: [Obsidian help](https://help.obsidian.md/Home) is your friend. 

## Plugins




# Contributing

## Style Guidelines

Needless to say, cohesion calls for a unified style.[^1] However, I haven't thought of anything yet on this regard.

- [ ] Decide on some basic style guidelines. ⏫ ➕ 2024-06-01



## [[Changelog|Change log]]

[[Changelog]]
## Requests & [[Tasks]]

### Requests

If you have some request, add a [[Tasks|task]]:

- [ ] This is a task ➕ 2024-06-01
- [ ] Install the '[[Tasks]]' community plugin[^2]
- [ ] Access the command palette (Ribbonon LHS, or 'Ctrl+P' on Windows, or 'Cmd+P' on Mac).
- [ ] Type 'Task'
- [ ] Create a new task with the desired details.
- [ ] To mark a [[Tasks|task]] as completed, just click on the checkbox.

### Tasks

There are [[Tasks|tasks]] embedded in the notes, representing changes, and/or additions that need to be made; furthermore, there is a note[^3] ([[Tasks]]), where all tasks get compiled[^4], classified by different of their characteristics. If you feel like contributing but don't know what to do, and have the free time, check them in case you can help.

Done tasks may be moved to the bottom of the page they are embedded in upon completion.

#Meta 


# Footnotes

[^1]: This is not a dictatorship... yet. In other words, I don't care enough to check.
[^2]: This is the [Obsidian plugin link](https://obsidian.md/plugins?id=obsidian-tasks-plugin), and the [plugin's dedicate webpage](https://publish.obsidian.md/tasks/Introduction).




[^3]: This note, [[Tasks]] cannot be published because queries do not get compiled properly in 'Publish', for now. Therefore, it would be useless, since people would only see the query code.
[^4]: It's automated, if you create a new task you don't need to worry about whether or not you have to also add it to [[Tasks]], and under which category to do so.

Commit message:

vault backup: 2024-06-03 16:30:31
Affected files:
Hilbert6/.obsidian/hotkeys.json
Hilbert6/.obsidian/plugins/obsidian-activity-history/data.json
Hilbert6/.obsidian/plugins/obsidian-footnotes/data.json
Hilbert6/.obsidian/plugins/time-ruler/data.json
Hilbert6/.obsidian/workspace.json
Hilbert6/Mathematics/Geometry/Algebraic Geometry/Hodge theory/Hodge Theory.md
Hilbert6/Meta/Hilbert 6.md
Hilbert6/Meta/Non-Publishable/How to.md

Hilbert6/Meta/Non-Publishable/How to.md, after:

# Set up

**TL;DR**: [Obsidian help](https://help.obsidian.md/Home) is your friend. 

## Plugins




# Contributing

## Style Guidelines

Needless to say, cohesion calls for a unified style.[^1] However, I haven't thought of anything yet on this regard.

- [ ] Decide on some basic style guidelines. ⏫ ➕ 2024-06-01



## [[Changelog|Change log]]

[[Changelog]]
## Requests & [[Tasks]]

### Requests

If you have some request, add a [[Tasks|task]]:

- [ ] This is a task ➕ 2024-06-01
- [ ] Install the '[[Tasks]]' community plugin[^2]
- [ ] Access the command palette (Ribbonon LHS, or 'Ctrl+P' on Windows, or 'Cmd+P' on Mac).
- [ ] Type 'Task'
- [ ] Create a new task with the desired details.
- [ ] To mark a [[Tasks|task]] as completed, just click on the checkbox.

Furthermore,
- [ ] One a task is complete put it between double percentage signs (%); e.g., %% 'the task' %% . This way they will not be visible in read mode, nor 'Publish'. ➕ 2024-06-03

### Tasks

There are [[Tasks|tasks]] embedded in the notes, representing changes, and/or additions that need to be made; furthermore, there is a note[^3] ([[Tasks]]), where all tasks get compiled[^4], classified by different of their characteristics. If you feel like contributing but don't know what to do, and have the free time, check them in case you can help.

Furthermore,
- [ ] One a task is complete put it between double percentage signs (%); e.g., %% 'the task' %% . This way they will not be visible in read mode, nor 'Publish'. ➕ 2024-06-03

#Meta 




[^1]: This is not a dictatorship... yet. In other words, I don't care enough to check.
[^2]: This is the [Obsidian plugin link](https://obsidian.md/plugins?id=obsidian-tasks-plugin), and the [plugin's dedicate webpage](https://publish.obsidian.md/tasks/Introduction).




[^3]: This note, [[Tasks]] cannot be published because queries do not get compiled properly in 'Publish', for now. Therefore, it would be useless, since people would only see the query code.
[^4]: It's automated, if you create a new task you don't need to worry about whether or not you have to also add it to [[Tasks]], and under which category to do so.
